what's going on man
bride 11 you know you only get these
shoes if you uh went through the NBA
2k14 game got the coat and put the
clothing on Nike and were able to
purchase these I know later I think some
pairs did drop and I'll let I know I'll
let in Florida that I got some of these
just a couple pairs wasn't too many
these +400 out us for what shoes Oh
little nope my Mane jewels this is our
Instagram jns snakes so these Jews is
gonna get D therefore hunt for what for
what for what and lay these low boost
350 looks like these were worn maybe
once so yeah you guys let me know who
won I'm eager to hear you guys opinion
easy boost for the 2k14 and $400 on top
400 and knees for the easy pool suit
man let me see who would I pick for
knees before it's pretty even in value
so just gonna go piyo first personal
preference I go at the end of course I'm
gonna take the bronze over to easy plus
$400 to me that comes out to around 8 on
it looks pretty even in value but I like
these better and these are more limited
to me so don't see a lot more people
right where I need or thought these and
these you guys let me know your opinions
down in the comments make sure you join
the Facebook group where you can get
your tree safely legit checks secured
and
oh it had good stuff ain't gotta worry
about getting scammed man join the
Facebook group hit me up if you want me
a middleman tree I'm hot you guys later
ooh one piece